so there I was woke up with a heavy case
of amnesia in the middle of nowhere the
only clue to my past is Harry's name and
an address inside this hat so I made my
way to be parking and that's when I
found you make your stapler gonna loosen
a shoe so you're talking Pikachu with no
memories who's addicted to caffeine I
could stop whatever I want these are
just choices another round extra shot I
don't know maybe hair got in too deep
and mixed up the wrong crowd that kind
of thing you can talk to humans and I
can talk to Pokemon and if you want to
find your pops we're gonna need you to
know I don't need a Pokemon what about a
world-class detective Harry is still
alive case closed
but still open until I solve it
all right here it is Harry faked his own
death or somebody else fake carries
death
[Music]
Harry fake somebody else's dead that
last one doesn't work
[Music]
[Applause]
now obviously I've dealt with this putz
before so I'll just do it again hey bud
what are you doing I can't do when
people are watching
[Music]
that's a twist that's very twisty
no he's barely moving don't tell him
that
oh he's on a fight quick get in front of
him stop Oh No
he's going down hard Tim should have
worn a helmet
[Music]